Wednesday, July 30, 2025
Daily Digest
Senate
Chamber Action
Routine Proceedings, pages S4857–S4954
Measures Introduced: Thirty-two bills and four resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2529–2560, and S. Res. 346–349.
Pages S4904–05



Measures Reported:

S. 1199, to extend the statute of limitations for fraud under certain pandemic programs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.

S. 2232, to expand the surety bond program under the Small Business Investment Act of 1958, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
Page S4902


Measures Passed:

National Farmers Market Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 349, designating the week of August 3 through August 9, 2025, as ``National Farmers Market Week''.
Page S4954



Measures Considered:

Export of Defense Articles to Israel Disapproval: By 27 yeas to 70 nays (Vote No. EX. 454), Senate did not agree to the motion to discharge S.J. Res. 41, providing for congressional disapproval of the proposed export of certain defense articles to Israel, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776 and in accordance with the provisions of Sec. 601(b)(3) of the International Security Assistance and Arms Exports Control Act of 1976.
Pages S4890–96



Foreign Military Sale to Israel Disapproval: By 24 yeas to 73 nays (Vote No. EX. 455), Senate did not agree to the motion to discharge S.J. Res. 34, providing for congressional disapproval of the proposed foreign military sale to the Government of Israel of certain defense articles and services, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776 and in accordance with the provisions of Sec 601(b)(3) of the International Security Assistance and Arms Control Act of 1976.
Page S4896



Lions Act of 2025--Referral Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs be discharged from further consideration of S. 901, to amend the Small Business Act and the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to increase the maximum loan amount for certain loans, and be referred to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship.
Pages S4899, S4954



Nesvik Nomination--Cloture: Senate began consideration of the nomination of Brian Nesvik, of Wyoming, to be Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service.
Page S4859


A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Friday, August 1, 2025.
Page S4859


Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Senate took the following action:

Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legislative Session.
Page S4859


Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Executive Session to consider the nomination.
Page S4859



Rinaldi Nomination--Cloture: Senate began consideration of the nomination of Luigi Rinaldi, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Oriental Republic of Uruguay.
Pages S4859–60


A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on upon disposition of the nomination of Brian Nesvik, of Wyoming, to be Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior.
Pages S4859–60


Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Senate took the following action:

Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legislative Session.
Page S4859


Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Executive Session to consider the nomination.
Page S4859



Clarkson Nomination: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Tyler Clarkson, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of Agriculture.
Pages S4881–90


During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action:

[Page:D811]
By 53 yeas to 44 nays (Vote No. EX. 453), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
Page S4881



Serralta Nomination: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Gadyaces Serralta, of Florida, to be Director of the United States Marshals Service.
Pages S4896–97


During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action:

By 59 yeas to 38 nays (Vote No. EX. 456), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
Pages S4896–97



Kozma Nomination: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Matthew Kozma, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, Department of Homeland Security.
Page S4897


During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action:

By 53 yeas to 44 nays (Vote No. EX. 457), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
Page S4897


A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that if cloture is invoked on any of the nominations individually, all post-cloture time be expired, and Senate vote on confirmation of the nominations, at a time to be determined by the Majority Leader, in consultation with the Democratic Leader, no earlier than Thursday, July 31, 2025.
Pages S4881–82



Mason Nomination--Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that at approximately 10 a.m., on Thursday, July 31, 2025, Senate resume consideration of the nomination of Cheryl Mason, of North Carolina, to be Inspector General, Department of Veterans Affairs; that notwithstanding Rule XXII, at 11 a.m., the cloture motions filed on Tuesday, July 29, 2025 ripen, and Senate vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Cheryl Mason, of North Carolina, to be Inspector General, Department of Veterans Affairs; if cloture is invoked on the nomination, Senate execute the order of Wednesday, July 30, 2025 in relation to the nomination of Tyler Clarkson, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of Agriculture; provided further, at 2:15 p.m., Senate execute the order in relation to the nomination of Gadyaces Serralta, of Florida, to be Director of the United States Marshals Service., and following disposition of the nomination, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination of Cheryl Mason, of North Carolina, to be Inspector General, Department of Veterans Affairs; and if confirmed, Senate vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Andrea Lucas, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission for a term expiring July 1, 2030, and if cloture is invoked, Senate then execute the order in relation to the nomination of Matthew Kozma, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, Department of Homeland Security.
Page S4954



Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the following nominations:

By 53 yeas to 45 nays (Vote No. EX. 450), Thomas Gaiser, of Ohio, to be an Assistant Attorney General.
Pages S4857–59, S4860–69


During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action:

By 53 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. EX. 449), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
Pages S4864–65


By 52 yeas to 44 nays (Vote No. EX. 452), Joseph Kent, of Washington, to be Director of the National Counterterrorism Center, Office of the Director of National Intelligence.
Pages S4869–81


During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action:

By 53 yeas to 44 nays (Vote No. EX. 451), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
Page S4869



Nominations Received: Senate received the following nominations:

Thomas Albus, of Missouri, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Missouri for the term of four years.

Timothy Dill, of Ohio, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense.

Andrew Duva, of Florida, to be an Assistant Attorney General.

Daniel Edwards, of North Carolina, to be an Assistant Secretary of Transportation.

Thomas Ferguson III, of North Carolina, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of North Carolina for the term of four years.

Ho Nieh, of Alabama, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for the remainder of the term expiring June 30, 2029.

Michael Payne, of Virginia, to be Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation, Department of Defense.

Richard Price, of Missouri, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Missouri for the term of four years.

Darin Smith, of Wyoming, to be United States Attorney for the District of Wyoming for the term of four years.

Maurice Todd, of Florida, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense.

Douglas Troutman, of Maryland, to be Assistant Administrator for Toxic Substances of the Environmental Protection Agency.

A routine list in the Army.
Page S4954



Nominations Withdrawn: Senate received notification of withdrawal of the following nominations:

[Page:D812]
David Eisner, of New York, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy, which was sent to the Senate on February 11, 2025.

Jason De Sena Trennert, of New York, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, which was sent to the Senate on February 11, 2025.
Page S4954



Measures Discharged:
Pages S4899, S4954



Measures Read the First Time:
Pages S4899, S4954



Executive Communications:
Page S4899



Petitions and Memorials:
Pages S4899–S4902



Executive Reports of Committees:
Pages S4902–04



Additional Cosponsors:
Pages S4905–07



Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions:
Pages S4907–10



Additional Statements:
Pages S4898–99



Amendments Submitted:
Pages S4910–53



Authorities for Committees to Meet:
Pages S4953–54



Record Votes: Nine record votes were taken today. (Total--457)
Pages S4865, S4868–69, S4881, S4896–97



Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and adjourned at 10:45 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Thursday, July 31, 2025. (For Senate's program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today's Record on page S4954.)

Committee Meetings
(Committees not listed did not meet)
USDA REORGANIZATION PROPOSAL

Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Committee concluded a hearing to examine a review of the USDA reorganization proposal, after receiving testimony from Stephen Alexander Vaden, Deputy Secretary of Agriculture.

AI AND CAPITAL AND INSURANCE MARKETS

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Subcommittee on Securities, Insurance, and Investment concluded a hearing to examine guardrails and growth, focusing on AI's role in capital and insurance markets, after receiving testimony from Kevin Kalinich, Aon, Chicago, Illinois; Tal Cohen, Nasdaq, New York, New York; and David Cox, Massachusetts Institute of Technology IBM Watson AI Lab, Yorktown Heights, New York.

BUSINESS MEETING

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items:

S. 2314, to direct the Secretary of Commerce to establish a task force regarding shark depredation;

S. 2318, to amend the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act to require the periodic update to the strategic plan to guide the Manufacturing USA Program to align with the mandatory updates to the National Strategy for Advanced Manufacturing, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;

S. 2351, to supplement existing lease authorities available to the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to support research, education, and training, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and

The nominations of Neil Jacobs, of North Carolina, to be Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere, Taylor Jordan, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary, both of the Department of Commerce, Paul Roberti, of Rhode Island, to be Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, Jonathan Morrison, of California, to be Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, Michael Rutherford, of Florida, to be an Assistant Secretary, Gregory Zerzan, of Texas, to be General Counsel, and Derek Barrs, of Florida, to be Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, all of the Department of Transportation, and a promotion list in the Coast Guard.

BUSINESS MEETING

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Lanny Erdos, of Ohio, to be Director of the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, and Audrey Robertson, of Colorado, to be an Assistant Secretary (Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy), and Timothy John Walsh, of Colorado, to be an Assistant Secretary (Environmental Management), both of the Department of Energy.

BUSINESS MEETING

Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Jason Evans, of Texas, to be an Under Secretary (Management), Thomas Rose, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Poland, and Peter Lamelas, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Argentine Republic, all of the Department of State.

U.S.-AFRICA PARTNERSHIPS

Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy concluded a hearing to examine finding opportunities for U.S.-Africa partnerships, after receiving testimony from Jonathan Pratt, Senior Bureau Official, Bureau of African Affairs, and Scott Woodward, Acting Deputy Assistant Secretary for Economic Growth, Energy, and Environment, both of the Department of State.

[Page:D813]
BUSINESS MEETING

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items:

S. 854, to amend title 31, United States Code, to establish the Life Sciences Research Security Board;

S. 855, to require executive branch employees to report certain royalties;

S. 269, to improve coordination between Federal and State agencies and the Do Not Pay working system;

S. 81, to require a guidance clarity statement on certain agency guidance, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;

S. 861, to streamline the sharing of information among Federal disaster assistance agencies, to expedite the delivery of life-saving assistance to disaster survivors, to speed the recovery of communities from disasters, to protect the security and privacy of information provided by disaster survivors;

S. 766, to require an annual report of taxpayer-funded projects that are over budget and behind schedule;

S. 872, to amend the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 to ensure that other transaction agreements are reported to USAspending.gov;

S. 727, to correct the inequitable denial of enhanced retirement and annuity benefits to certain U.S. Customs and Border Protection Officers, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;

S. 874, to ensure that whistleblowers, including contractors, are protected from retaliation when a Federal employee orders a reprisal, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;

S. 594, to amend the Post-Katrina Management Reform Act of 2006 to repeal certain obsolete requirements, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;

S. 865, to amend the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 to require certain disclosures by registrants regarding exemptions under the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, as amended;

S. 856, to amend the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 to clarify a provision relating to certain contents of registrations under that Act;

S. 850, to amend the Northern Border Security Review Act to require updates to the northern border threat analysis and the northern border strategy;

S. 848, to provide for joint reports by relevant Federal agencies to Congress regarding incidents of terrorism;

S. 572, to enhance the effectiveness of the Shadow Wolves Program; to be immediately followed by a Committee ordered favorably reported to consider, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;

S. 1498, to amend chapter 131 of title 5, United States Code, to prohibit transactions involving certain financial instruments by Members of Congress, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and

The nominations of Pedro Allende, of Florida, to be Under Secretary for Science and Technology, and Sean Plankey, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency, both of the Department of Homeland Security, Christopher Fox, of Virginia, to be Inspector General of the Intelligence Community, Office of the Director of National Intelligence, and Edward Aloysius O'Connell, of the District of Columbia, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia.

THE REGULATORY LANDSCAPE

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: Subcommittee on Border Management, Federal Workforce, and Regulatory Affairs concluded a hearing to examine Loper Bright, focusing on Congress's role in the regulatory landscape, after receiving testimony from former Representative Allyson Y. Schwartz, Bipartisan Policy Center, Susan E. Dudley, George Washington University Trachtenberg School of Public Policy and Public Administration Regulatory Studies Center, and Chad Squitieri, Catholic University of America's Columbus School of Law, all of Washington, D.C.

BUSINESS MEETING

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items:

S. 2292, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to revise and extend the user fee program for over-the-counter monograph drugs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;

S. 1440, to amend title II of the Public Health Service Act to include as an additional right or privilege of commissioned officers of the Public Health Service (and their beneficiaries) certain leave provided under title 10, United States Code to commissioned officers of the Army (or their beneficiaries);

S. 2398, to reauthorize the Kay Hagan Tick Act, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;

S. 2301, to reauthorize certain programs regarding rural health care;

[Page:D814]
S. 1728, to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to expand the membership of the Advisory Council on Employee Welfare and Pension Benefit Plans to include representatives of employee ownership organizations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and

S. 2403, to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to provide a clear definition of adequate consideration for certain closely held stock, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.

NOMINATIONS

Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Joshua D. Dunlap, of Maine, to be United States Circuit Judge for the First Circuit, who was introduced by Senator Collins, Eric Chunyee Tung, of California, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, William W. Mercer, to be United States District Judge for the District of Montana, who was introduced by Senator Daines, and Stephen Chad Meredith, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Kentucky, who was introduced by Senator McConnell, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf.

AMERICANS' ONLINE DATA

Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology, and the Law concluded a hearing to examine protecting and safeguarding Americans' online data, after receiving testimony from Kate Goodloe, Business Software Alliance, Paul Martino, Main Street Privacy Coalition, Joel Thayer, Digital Progress Institute, and Alan Butler, Electronic Privacy Information Center, all of Washington, D.C.; and Samuel Levine, Berkeley Center for Consumer Law and Economic Justice, New York, New York.

BUSINESS MEETING

Committee on Veterans' Affairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items:

S. 275, to improve the provision of care and services under the Veterans Community Care Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;

S. 506, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to coordinate, navigate, and manage care and benefits for veterans enrolled in both the Medicare program and the system of annual patient enrollment of the Department of Veterans Affairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;

S. 607, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish an integrated project team to improve the process for scheduling appointments for health care from the Department of Veterans Affairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;

S. 610, to expand the VetSuccess on Campus program of the Department of Veterans Affairs;

S. 635, to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recognize nurse registries for purposes of the Veterans Community Care Program, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;

S. 654, to amend title 38, United States Code, to establish an external provider scheduling program to assist the Department of Veterans Affairs in scheduling appointments for care and services under the Veterans Community Care Program, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;

S. 702, to require a study on the quality of care difference between mental health and addiction therapy care provided by health care providers of the Department of Veterans Affairs compared to non-Department providers;

S. 778, to amend title 38, United States Code, to require a lactation space in each medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;

S. 787, to amend title 38, United States Code, to establish a commission to review operations at the Veterans Health Administration and submit to Congress reports with respect to that review, and for other programs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;

S. 800, to modify the Precision Medicine for Veterans Initiative of the Department of Veterans Affairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;

S. 827, to extend and modify the transportation grant program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;

S. 831, to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to improve telephone communication by the Department of Veterans Affairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;

S. 879, to expand medical, employment, and other benefits for individuals serving as family caregivers for certain veterans, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;

S. 972, to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs repays members of the Armed Forces for certain contributions made by such members towards Post-9/11 Educational Assistance, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;

S. 1139, to amend the Commander John Scott Hannon Veterans Mental Health Care Improvement Act of 2019 to modify and reauthorize the Staff Sergeant Parker Gordon Fox Suicide Prevention Grant Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;

[Page:D815]
S. 1245, to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand health care and benefits from the Department of Veterans Affairs for military sexual trauma, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;

S. 1318, to direct the American Battle Monuments Commission to establish a program to identify American-Jewish servicemembers buried in United States military cemeteries overseas under markers that incorrectly represent their religion and heritage;

S. 1320, to direct the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to take certain steps regarding research related to menopause, perimenopause, or mid-life women's health, with amendments;

S. 1383, to establish the Veterans Advisory Committee on Equal Access, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;

S. 1441, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to award grants to nonprofit entities to assist such entities in carrying out programs to provide service dogs to eligible veterans, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;

S. 1533, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make permanent and codify the pilot program for use of contract physicians for disability examinations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;

S. 1591, to amend title 38, United States Code, to reorganize the acquisition structure of the Department of Veterans Affairs and to establish the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation in the Department, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute;

S. 2392, to increase, effective as of December 1, 2025, the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans; and

S. 2393, to authorize a major medical facility project for the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2026 in St. Louis, Missouri.

INTELLIGENCE

Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intelligence matters from officials of the intelligence community.

COMBATING ELDER ABUSE

Special Committee on Aging: Committee concluded a hearing to examine awareness to action, focusing on combating elder abuse and neglect, after receiving testimony from Maricela Morado, Area Agency on Aging for Southwest Florida, Fort Myers; Nelson Bunn, National District Attorneys Association, Arlington, Virginia; Sean Voskuhl, AARP, Edmond, Oklahoma; and Lori Smetanka, National Consumer Voice for Quality Long-Term Care, Washington, D.C.

House of Representatives
Chamber Action


The House was not in session today. The House will meet in Pro Forma session at 10 a.m. on Friday, August 1, 2025.

Committee Meetings


No hearing were held.

Joint Meetings


No joint committee meetings were held.

COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, JULY 31, 2025
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated)
Senate
Committee on Appropriations: business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ``Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2026'', and an original bill entitled, ``Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2026'', 9:30 a.m., SD–106.

Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Michael Powers, of Virginia, to be Deputy Under Secretary, Amy Henninger, of Virginia, to be Director of Operational Test and Evaluation, David Denton, Jr., of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Navy, and Benjamin Kohlmann, of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Navy, all of the Department of Defense, 9:15 a.m., SD–G50.

[Page:D816]
Committee on Finance: business meeting to consider the nominations of Jonathan McKernan, of Tennessee, to be an Under Secretary of the Treasury, and Alex Adams, of Idaho, to be Assistant Secretary for Family Support, Department of Health and Human Services, 9:45 a.m., SD–215.

Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Bryan Switzer, of Virginia, to be a Deputy United States Trade Representative (Asia, Textiles, Investment, Services, and Intellectual Property), with the rank of Ambassador, and Gustav Chiarello III, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Michael Stuart, of West Virginia, to be General Counsel, both of the Department of Health and Human Services, and Derek Theurer, of Virginia, to be a Deputy Under Secretary of the Treasury, vice Jonathan Davidson, 10 a.m., SD–215.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine making health care affordable, focusing on solutions to lower costs and empower patients, 10 a.m., SD–430.

House
No hearings are scheduled.

[Page:D817]
Next Meeting of the
SENATE
10 a.m., Thursday, July 31
Senate Chamber

Program for Thursday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Cheryl Mason, of North Carolina, to be Inspector General, Department of Veterans Affairs, with a vote on the motion to invoke cloture at approximately 11 a.m. Following which, Senate will vote on the confirmation of the nomination of Tyler Clarkson, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of Agriculture.

At approximately 2:15 p.m., Senate will vote on confirmation of the nomination of Gadyaces Serralta, of Florida, to be Director of the United States Marshals Service, to be followed by a vote on confirmation of the nomination of Cheryl Mason, of North Carolina, to be Inspector General, Department of Veterans Affairs. Following which, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Andrea Lucas, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission for a term expiring July 1, 2030, to be followed by a vote on confirmation of the nomination of Matthew Kozma, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, Department of Homeland Security.

Additional roll call votes are expected Thursday afternoon and evening.

Next Meeting of the
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
10 a.m., Friday, August 1
House Chamber

Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 10 a.m.