Wednesday, July 9, 2025
Daily Digest
Senate
Chamber Action
Routine Proceedings, pages S4263–S4299
Measures Introduced: Twenty bills were introduced, as follows: S. 2215–2234
Page S4286



Measures Reported:

Special Report entitled ``Age of Fraud: Scams Facing Our Nation's Seniors''. (S. Rept. No. 119–35)

S. 259, to direct the Federal Communications Commission to publish a list of entities that hold authorizations, licenses, or other grants of authority issued by the Commission and that have certain foreign ownership. (S. Rept. No. 119–36)
Page S4285


Appointments:

Congressional-Executive Commission on the People's Republic of China: The Chair, on behalf of the President of the Senate, pursuant to Public Law 106–286, appointed the following Members to serve on the Congressional-Executive Commission on the People's Republic of China during the 119th Congress: Senator Sullivan (Chairman), and Senator Cotton.
Page S4288


Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts: The Chair, on behalf of the President of the Senate, pursuant to Public Law 85–874, as amended, appointed the following individuals to the Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts: Senator Collins (Reappointment), and Senator Fischer.
Page S4288



Gould and Hermandorfer Nominations--Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that at approximately 10 a.m., on Thursday, July 10, 2025, Senate resume consideration of the nomination of Jonathan Gould, of Virginia, to be Comptroller of the Currency for a term of five years; that notwithstanding rule XXII, at 11 a.m., Senate vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination, and following that vote, Senate vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Whitney D. Hermandorfer, of Tennessee, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit; that if cloture is invoked on the nomination of Jonathan Gould, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination at 1:45 p.m.; and if cloture is invoked on the nomination of Whitney D. Hermandorfer, all post-cloture time be expired, and Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination at a time to be determined by the Majority Leader, in consultation with the Democratic Leader, on Monday, July 14, 2025.
Page S4288



Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the following nominations:

By 54 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. EX. 375), Preston Griffith, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of Energy.
Pages S4263–67


By 53 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. EX. 377), Bryan Bedford, of Indiana, to be Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration for the term of five years.
Pages S4267–68


By 49 yeas to 46 nays (Vote No. EX. 379), Scott Kupor, of California, to be Director of the Office of Personnel Management for a term of four years.
Pages S4280–81


During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action:

By 51 yeas to 46 nays (Vote No. EX. 376), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
Page S4627


By 49 yeas to 45 nays (Vote No. EX. 380), William Briggs, of Texas, to be Deputy Administrator of the Small Business Administration.
Pages S4268–81


During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action:

By 51 yeas to 44 nays (Vote No. EX. 378), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
Page S4268



Nominations Received: Senate received the following nominations:

Nicholas Adams, of Florida, to be Ambassador to Malaysia.

Eric Meyer, of California, to be Ambassador to the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka.

Sean O'Neill, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Thailand.

Julie Stufft, of Ohio, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Kazakhstan.

Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Navy, and Space Force.
Pages S4295–98



Executive Communications:
Page S4285



Executive Reports of Committees:
Pages S4285–86



Additional Cosponsors:
Pages S4286–88



Authorities for Committees to Meet:
Page S4288



Record Votes: Six record votes were taken today. (Total--380)
Pages S4267–68, S4280–81



Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and adjourned at 8:35 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Thursday, July 10, 2025. (For Senate's program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today's Record on page S4288.)

[Page:D700]
Committee Meetings
(Committees not listed did not meet)
TYPE 1 DIABETES

Committee on Appropriations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine a future without Type 1 Diabetes, focusing on accelerating breakthroughs and creating hope, after receiving testimony from Griffin P. Rodgers, Director, National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases, National Institutes of Health, Department of Health and Human Services; Ruby Whitmore, Old Town, Maine, and Rachel White, North Hampton, New Hampshire, both of Breakthrough T1D 2025 Children's Congress Delegate; and Katie Bone, Bernalillo, New Mexico.

BUSINESS MEETING

Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies approved for full committee consideration an original bill entitled, ``Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2026''.

AUTHORIZATION: DEFENSE

Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Personnel approved for full committee consideration those provisions which fall under the subcommittee's jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2026.

AUTHORIZATION: DEFENSE

Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Cybersecurity approved for full committee consideration those provisions which fall under the subcommittee's jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2026.

AUTHORIZATION: DEFENSE

Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities approved for full committee consideration those provisions which fall under the subcommittee's jurisdiction of the proposed National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2026.

AUTHORIZATION: NATIONAL DEFENSE

Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favorably reported an original bill entitled, ``National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2026''.

BUSINESS MEETING

Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Hung Cao, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of the Navy, and Michael Dodd, of Indiana, Jules Hurst III, of Virginia, Brent Ingraham, of Virginia, and William Gillis, of Virginia, each to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army, all of the Department of Defense, and 30 military nominations in the Air Force and Space Force.

WALL STREET TO WEB3

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine from Wall Street to Web3, focusing on tomorrow's digital asset markets, including S. 1492, to require the Secretary of Commerce support the leadership of the United States with respect to the deployment, use, application, and competitiveness of blockchain technology, after receiving testimony from Summer Mersinger, Blockchain Association, Washington, D.C.; Jonathan Levin, Chainalysis, Inc., New York, New York; Daniel Robinson, Paradigm, and Brad Garlinghouse, Ripple, both of San Francisco, California; Timothy G. Massad, Harvard University Kennedy School of Government, Cambridge, Massachusetts; and Richard W. Painter, University of Minnesota Law School, Minneapolis.

NOMINATIONS

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Neil Jacobs, of North Carolina, to be Under Secretary for Oceans and Atmosphere, and Taylor Jordan, of the District of Columbia, and Harry Kumar, of New York, both to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the Department of Commerce, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf.

NOMINATIONS

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Lanny Erdos, of Ohio, to be Director of the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, and Audrey Robertson, of Colorado, to be an Assistant Secretary (Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy), Timothy John Walsh, of Colorado, to be an Assistant Secretary (Environmental Management), who was introduced by Senator McCormick, and David Eisner, of New York, to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the Department of Energy, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf.

[Page:D701]
BUSINESS MEETING

Committee on Environment and Public Works: Committee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Usha-Maria Turner, of Oklahoma, to be an Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, and David Wright, of South Carolina, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, and 32 General Services Administration resolutions.

NOMINATIONS

Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Jeffrey Bartos, of Pennsylvania, to be Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations for U.N. Management and Reform, with the Rank of Ambassador, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as an Alternate Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, who was introduced by Senators Fetterman and McCormick, Lynda Blanchard, of Alabama, to be U.S. Representative to the United Nations Agencies for Food and Agriculture, with the rank of Ambassador, who was introduced by Senator Britt, Jennifer Locetta, of Florida, to be Alternate Representative of the United States of America for Special Political Affairs in the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as an Alternate Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, who was introduced by Senator Moody, Anjani Sinha, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Singapore, who was introduced by Senator Graham, and Kimberly Guilfoyle, of Florida, to be Ambassador to Greece, who was introduced by Senator Hagerty, all of the Department of State, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf.

BUSINESS MEETING

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee ordered favorably reported the nomination of Susan Monarez, of Wisconsin, to be Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Department of Health and Human Services.

SECURING THE FUTURE OF HEALTH CARE

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine securing the future of health care, focusing on enhancing cybersecurity and protecting Americans' privacy, after receiving testimony from Greg Garcia, Healthcare and Public Health Sector Coordinating Council Cybersecurity Working Group, and Robert Weissman, Public Citizen, both of Washington, D.C.; Rene Quashie, Consumer Technology Association, Arlington, Virginia; Linda Stevenson, Fisher-Titus Medical Center, Norwalk, Ohio; and Alison Galvani, Yale School of Public Health Center for Infectious Disease Modeling and Analysis, New Haven, Connecticut.

INTELLIGENCE

Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community.

Committee recessed subject to the call.

House of Representatives
Chamber Action


The House was not in session today. The House will meet in Pro Forma session at 11 a.m. on Thursday, July 10, 2025.

Committee Meetings


No hearings were held.

Joint Meetings


No joint committee meetings were held.

NEW PUBLIC LAWS
(For last listing of Public Laws, see Daily Digest, p. D694)
H.R. 42, to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to exclude certain payments to aged, blind, or disabled Alaska Natives or descendants of Alaska Natives from being used to determine eligibility for certain programs. Signed on July 7, 2025. (Public Law 119–22)

H.R. 43, to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to provide that Village Corporations shall not be required to convey land in trust to the State of Alaska for the establishment of Municipal Corporations. Signed on July 7, 2025. (Public Law 119–23)

COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY,
JULY 10, 2025
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated)
Senate
[Page:D702]
Committee on Appropriations: business meeting to markup the ``Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2026'', the ``Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2026'', and the ``Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2026'', 9:30 a.m., SD–106.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hearings to examine the President's proposed budget request for fiscal year 2026 for the U.S. Forest Service, 10 a.m., SD–366.

Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 10 a.m., SH–219.

Full Committee, closed business meeting to consider pending calendar business, 11:45 a.m., S–216, Capitol.

House
No hearings are scheduled.

[Page:D703]
Next Meeting of the
SENATE
10 a.m., Thursday, July 10
Senate Chamber

Program for Thursday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Jonathan Gould, of Virginia, to be Comptroller of the Currency for a term of five years. At 11 a.m., Senate will vote on the motions to invoke cloture on the nomination of Jonathan Gould, and on the nomination of Whitney D. Hermandorfer, of Tennessee, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit. If cloture is invoked on the nomination of Jonathan Gould, Senate will vote on confirmation thereon at 1:45 p.m.

Next Meeting of the
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
11 a.m., Thursday, June 10
House Chamber

Program for Thursday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 11 a.m.

